[std] Reword "cannot" in notes to not sound like negative permission (#6770)
cplusplus/draft: source/classes.tex

  X(X&);            // copy constructor with a non-const parameter
};
const X cx;

> X x = cx;           // error: \tcode{X::X(X\&)} unable copy \tcode{cx} into \tcode{x}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
X x = cx;           // error: \tcode{X::X(X\&)} unable to copy \tcode{cx} into \tcode{x}
```

of constructors and destructors for the object declared by the
\grammarterm{exception-declaration}.
\begin{note}

> Since the exception object because is always an lvalue,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since the exception object is always an lvalue,
```

Author: Thanks!

> it is never moved from, which would potentially be incorrect.

Reviewer: "would" is also bad in notes, I think.

Author: I think "would" is fine, actually. What isn't allowed is the use of "would" to express a provision, but we're not doing that here.

> Since the exception object is always an lvalue,
> it is never moved from, which would potentially be incorrect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The exception object is always an lvalue, thus it is not implicitly moved from."
```

Author: This is nice!
